Update _security.md (#301)
killbill/slate: source/includes/_security.md

# Security

Kill Bill supports fine grained roles and permissions for the users accessing the system either through the UI or API. This can be useful in case of organizations looking to limit access across departments/teams etc. The endpoints in this group manage the users, roles and the associated permissions. 

Please refer to our [RBAC manual](https://docs.killbill.io/latest/user_management.html) for more details.

## Users

A user refers to any `user or the api` that maps to the user credential passed through the API.

> ## userRoles Resource

Reviewer: Incorrect capitalization, suggest changing to `User Roles Resource`

A `userRoles` object contains the username, the password and the roles associated with the user. 

| Name                | Type   | Generated by | Description                                                                           |
|---------------------|--------|--------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **username**      | string | user         | Username for this user.                                         |
| **password**      | string | user         | Password for this user.                                          |
| **roles**      | list | user         | List of roles associated with this user.      

## Subject Resource

> A `Subject` object contains the information of the current logged in user as well as the related session information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A `Subject` resource contains the information of the currently logged-in user as well as the related session information.
```

| Name                | Type   | Generated by | Description                                                                           |
|---------------------|--------|--------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **principal**       | string | user         | Username for this user.                                         |
| **isAuthenticated** | boolean | user        | Is the user authenticated.                                      |

> | **isRemembered**    | boolean | user        | If `Remember Me` checked for this user.                         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **isRemembered**    | boolean | user        | Specifies if `Remember Me` checked for this user.                         |
```

> | **session**           | json    | system        | Session information for the user.                               |

Reviewer: Add a section for the `Session` resource and add a link to that section here.

                               created_by='demo',
                               reason='reason', 
                               comment='comment')
```
```javascript
const securityApi: killbill.SecurityApi = new killbill.SecurityApi(config);

const body: killbill.UserRoles = {username: 'testUser',
                                  password: 'testUserPassword',
                                  roles: ['TestRole']};

securityApi.updateUserRoles(body, 'testUser', 'created_by');
```
```php
$apiInstance = $client->getSecurityApi();

$xKillbillCreatedBy = "user";
$xKillbillReason = "reason";
$xKillbillComment = "comment";

$body = new UserRoles();

$body->setUsername('TestUserName');
$body->setPassword('TestUserPassword');
$body->setRoles(['TestUpdatedRole']);

$apiInstance->updateUserRoles($body,$xKillbillCreatedBy,$xKillbillReason,$xKillbillComment);
```

**Request Body**

A `userRoles` object consisting of the username, password and the roles to be associated with the user. The required attributes are `username`,`password`,`roles`.

**Query Parameters**

None

**Response**

If successful, returns a status code of 204 and an empty body.

### Invalidate an existing user

> Invalidates a aser.

Reviewer: Typo: user
